al al
al
[Music]
Hello family Good good good good good
eh
okay
okay family How are we how are
we well direct a little
improvised
and I hope not too much I'm waiting for
Lorena okay I'm waiting for Lorena eh
who's doing some things and so on
and when she lets me know I'll go but I
wanted to talk to you guys one
Auri you're crazy Eh Auri I don't know if
Auri is around there but you're a little
crazy eh I mean okay let's see Well let's get to
it let's see I have some
gossip news it's over there my my Lili Yes my
Lili Lili I'm not telling you anything eh I'm not telling you
anything about the gossip that I have here because of
you let's see how let's see how we deal with
this but this is an ally of course this
is an ally I mean It turns out that suddenly
this has happened he has the approval for this for
this of getting as he does and what a shame What a
shame Oh yes he has
he has the approval for this for
this of getting as he does and what a
shame What  what a pity Oh if she has
the approval for this for
this of getting the way she does and what a
pity Well what Peppa says what
Peppa says what I
have at taquito has more video well
Send it to me on WhatsApp but very quickly
eh because I won't be there for a long time very
quickly What Pepa says well what I have
been saying for these two
years that Lolly Huerta is going on a rampage
really badly that she has the approval of a
group of YouTube channels that
protect her defend her and justify her
for this
well eh what can I
tell you what I
tell you what I tell you you're absolutely right Peppa Of
course you were one of them until
until you had a fight with her Of course
you were one of those channels you were the
first in fact you were the first until
you had a fight with her but how how
can you How can she have the nerve
But how can she have the nerve of course she
buys them but but that's what I've been
saying for 2 years I mean she's proving me
right she's proving me right after
everything she's messed up  It's
because she was the one who [ __ ]
this lady when she saw that she was worth
money she cured her she
worked for her she cured her she worked for her she put in the
hours that Loli herself said the
hours that you put in on the phone p
pin p pin pipín To
win all the fights all the
insults all the slander a lawsuit that
Loli has another one that comes against her
criminal complaints as well that they are
making clear to her and as
Peppa has said as Peppa has said they have the
approval of a group of channels that
well for me it's not just that they get
together the issue of them defending and
justifying Loli for the money for me there is
also another very
important ingredient which is Javi Olive
or rather for me forgive me for giving myself an
importance that I don't know if I have okay maybe I do maybe it's
not worth it but
for me there is a there is a very
important ingredient which is Javi Oliveira Why Well
because man
Loli's money doesn't hurt us then Loli who spends
a lot of money on our channels Well
well perfect What's up AC
insulted Someone  Okay, what's up, she
threatened someone with pulling their
hair? Well, she's giving me 50 bucks of
Super Chai, it's not that bad, okay, so
today it was confirmed, among other things,
that Atania, I don't know, Lili, if you could send me
the clip of Loli's threats to Tania, do
you have them on hand please to
remind people who have lost
the thread? Loli Huertas threatened
Tania with telling some things she
knew,
okay, Loli threatened Tania with telling
things she knew about the alleged
arrest of a relative, okay,
personally, what I believe, and with this I don't mean,
with this I don't mean
that what Loli says is true, with
this I want to speculate about what Loli
was insinuating, of course, the
insinuations, what you have is that you
can be wrong Or you can be right, but
I think that Loli insinuated that Tania
was with a partner who was arrested
for some reason, so of course, Tania
took refuge, right? And she lowered her ears to Loli,
no, and she didn't want to have any balls with Loli anymore
because, well, she defends her or  sea ​​Tania
defends Loli from the crazy things we've been
seeing these days Uh these days and
all these last two years why does she
defend her point number one because it goes
against Javi Iira or the people who
get along with Javi point number two
because I'm afraid of her because if all of a
sudden Loli decides to say that
someone in my family is convicted with
what I give with the civil sentences
Imagine if someone in my family
had been arrested I mean you
imagine you imagine that someone from
Tania's family had been
criminally convicted and arrested And on top of that Tania
defends him or thinks that this sentence is unfair
man for God I don't
want to even imagine it I don't want to even
imagine it and point number
three eh I was watching Tania and
Exactly the same thing but since she
doesn't have memberships then it was through the way
that she can be helped Loli
is spreading butter that
Tania likes a lot Loli is spreading
butter on
Tania by visa why Because Tania
has the channel  demonetized okay because it
violates YouTube rules, your channel
violates YouTube rules
therefore they have removed the monetization okay
Eh then Loli gives it to her and Tania takes it,
shuts up and has sold
any defense Because if suddenly they
are defaming your family you are not
defending your family Tania okay more
the visum of
Loli we have news about Tania that
Tania has spent the whole afternoon
reacting as she did not want to upload
here because I told her Hey upload here let's
debate as she has not dared what she
has done has been the very desperate and
unfortunate one to start the debate that I did
with her a year ago two years and
react I mean she has done that
all afternoon she has done that all
afternoon bis Javi Yes yes yes yes Loli
told tan that she was the one from the
aviz yes yes yes yes let's go for me what they
insinuated was that Tania has some
or has been with someone convicted or
has Somebody some relative who has been
arrested I don't know something like that okay but well let's
see if Tania tells us  clarifies but of
course since she doesn't want to upload what
Tania has done she has started reacting
to the debate she has started reacting to the
debate I did with her a while ago I don't
remember if it was last year or the other
okay but look at what she did while she was
reacting to the debate I don't
even know why you have a debate in which you are
ridiculous idiot okay Look
attentive many turns to you what did you
think when Jorge Javier made a
joke that was supposed to be about Carlota
Prado Tania very ugly disgusting you would
put yourself together with someone who was
against Carlota Prado no I would not
put you together with anyone who is against
Carlota Prado Who has put themselves
against Carlota Prado listen to this
audio I am not going to play it because no I do not feel like it it
is going to cause [ __ ] tell about
Troy next I am going to play it because Well
a clid onar from Troy is going to put me here
defending Carlota Prado's abuser
Hey that is something that is rarely remembered
eh ard de Troya defended
Carlota Prado's abuser  Peppa Bertrán is also worth it,
they were Defenders of the innocence of
José
María Let it not be forgotten, they
were Defenders that Carlota Prado had not
been
abused, man, that the aunt was
sleeping with him, you know, and that you know that it
was a very shameful por betete, that it was a very shameful por betete,
Tania Peppa ard de Troya, very
shameful, very shameful, well,
nothing, well, I'm going to pass this clip
forward because there's going to be a
clip here where she hits me,
then I bring apples, okay, and then the
other click, eh, and then the other
click takes up the subject again, come on, they're giving me
information, I
'm only asking, obviously, I'm
good, buo, the same. Well, I'm a
stage for talking to Javier and you
're talking. Ah, just with this
information, okay, look, pona, when I was
doing
collaborations, all this is already
annulled because with the sentence,
how it jumps, but it's also that the
very curra jumps it, she jumps it saying,
well, all this is annulled because, Well,
the sentence has come out for me, well,
Dania, the sentence  is of
insults in in cancel
Joan Plana was messing with Antonio David
when Antonio David was collaborating
with me your friend Joan Plana attacked
Antonio David when Antonio David
was collaborating with me and here are the
tweets okay Look according to what I've read he lost
lawsuits against Rocío for what she said
on television about her what I
understand with these statements seeing
that he had been making money for years
speaking badly about his ex is that he was clear
that he did it so that people would think
badly of his ex These are tweets that
he wrote okay here's another tweet
someone will be honest and say that the
hashtag interview Antonio this guy
stalked me even when I was doing
heart topics Look at an interview with
Antonio avid he's commenting on
an interview with Antonio David Flores
okay look saying that the interview I did
was [ __ ] it's being
reported that
Antonia David Flores is being called an abuser but it's not said that
he spent years defaming his ex as a
bad mother and people believed it This
is you your friend Tania with whom you meet
to take pictures the same one who calls you a
drug addict distant to your
face okay you are a moderator of Antonio
David but if  if you start defending
Miare's mother and this one who
both start talking like that about
Antonio David, well, what a defender of Antonio David
you are, you don't even know
what jacket you wear, you know why
Tania because for you the world revolves
around Javi Oliveira Javi Oliveira for
you is more important than Antonio David
Flores okay If you were a defender of the
blue tide or part of the blue tide you would
base yourself on what harms or doesn't
harm the tide if there is someone who
messes with Antonio David Flores you would be
against it and if there is someone who
supports Antonio David Flores you would be in
favor but the thing is that you don't base yourself on Antonio
David you base yourself on Javi
Oliveira if there is someone who is
against Javi you take them to your channel and
you become friends and you don't care about anything they
tell you whether it's true or a lie
If someone is close to Javi you
hate them Because you are sick okay that's what you
are Tania without more what the [ __ ] are you
saying here what the [ __ ] are you
saying here that my sentence
with this guy for insulting us, cancel these
tweets but not this tweet, it's that on top of that he had
videos, he had videos Joan planas
against Antonio David and he deleted them
when he started hanging out with
Tania and started saying that those videos
didn't
exist started saying that those
videos didn't exist okay
look I'm only asking for
information okay look est These are the ones that
were planned when I was doing
collaborations with Antonio okay what I
understand cl all this is already canceled
because with the sentence like all
this is already canceled because with the
sentence But what is it that cancels the
sentence s mam
racha is already here in the chat Tania
look at my number one fan your life revolves
around me but how manipulative in
what Tania come explain to us in what
the sentence cancels that explain it to us explain it to us
In what does the
sentence cancel these
t no no explain it to me In what does
a sentence cancel to
t at the moment ent enters at the moment dude
enters at the moment
instantly you stalk me
Tania I stalk you are the worst But Tania
you are going to
answer answer Tania We are
waiting for you shut up the whole chat what are you going to
answer let's see Tania answer us
Tania answer us come on
Tania tell us Tania tell us In what sentence have
these tweets been annulled
Tania Tania Tania
Tania In what sentence that
annulled these
tweets is no longer
answering Tania Open another live and
put Johan plan's video
on loop again Okay, let's remind you of this
Tania let's remind you of this
since you're not going to answer that okay
let's remind you
This name me an illness without and I
consider that I have not insulted her since I have
not fallen so low as to name me
an illness without having a [ __ ]
clue and if she has an idea then she's
a [ __ ] criminal lying like that
just for a little bit of Case ena go
for a walk for a while have a
nice time t next time I swear eh
next time I swear we'll explain
my husband's audio and we'll ask you
why you don't have one
come on I don't swear because I think I'm going that I
still haven't  I've lost all
dignity like you're worth So don't tell me
God Of course I still have a [ __ ] left Of course she's
not going to say anything Tania Of course she's
not going to say anything but nothing nothing
I'll tell you
[ __ ] Tania here Loli is insinuating
that you have someone in your family
detained why don't you answer her
Why don't you answer her
Tania so this doesn't stress you out this doesn't make you fat Ah ah this is the bomb let's see some things come to me but I'm not going to get involved in things she has gotten involved in my things she has gotten involved in my things and I would almost see myself
with the right Listen to what I'm telling you I would
almost see myself with the right trust me
but I'm not going to ha like this I'm going to do
things right if she has a husband eh that she doesn't have a
husband I haven't said it
Eh yes she has or well she must have I don't know
if she hasn't separated A few days ago she has a
husband do you have a husband Tania I think I think
maybe she's not married uh I don't
know but if she does
have a husband I think and family
[Music]
now  in pajamas and tell Loli that if she has any,
come have some and throw it out We'll
tell the story well because Of course you're
going to expose my family But we'll
tell why Maybe you can't
expose it And how are you? We
can also ask you how
loneliness is going and according to what occasions How do you
handle it okay Natania come on come on
Tania Come on with all
your sometage come on you expose my
family again if you have some sometage put it out there we'll
see if you're in the same
situation first you should have
swept your
house first you should have taken
care of what you have
hidden look Tania arrest her she
's an evil and ambitious liar I ca
n't stand her anymore
arrest her arrest him Tania is
singing to you
your friend Loli the one who's giving you
money but how much is the defense worth to your
family Tania how much is it worth that you don't
defend your family Well of course here
I don't know what you're understanding
but I get the feeling that she's
insinuating that if she continues if you throw her
[ __ ] she's going to tell you I don't know what about  Why are you
left alone? Should they
arrest him? Why don't you answer him? Tania?
How many visas is it worth? Should they
threaten you? How much have you sold out?
Tania? Come on, scream.
[Laughter] I'm
not saying it, eh. I'm not saying it, eh. eh.
I was seeing Tania. I did
exactly the same thing, but since she
doesn't have memberships, it was through the means
that she can be helped.
eh.
Oh, the CMA robbed me, it took my
soul and I can't do it anymore.
[Music]
Tania says more in the chat. Well, you
hang out with convicts too, I mean,
Tania just admitted with that one too
that yes,
no. I mean, you just admitted that yes,
no, you also said it's true. No, you haven't had
time, you haven't had time to think about what you
were going to write,
right? No, you haven't given me time,
right? I just admitted it, Tania,
my goodness, you are
Donald Duck. Hey,
Tania, a question. In this statement
that you published on your
YouTube channel, you stated that Loli Huerta never
had any illness and that the
information was
incorrect, okay. And that Loli basically
made up the story.  cancer
based on a sister I don't know who I don't
know how much that she had had it and
well she appropriated the story let's say
not this this Tania you still think about it
hashtag also everyone in the chat
please
hashtag
also you have made fun of Dana but yes I
have made fun of Dana Paola Tania you are
stupid you are a croquette my daughter hollow hollow
hca nothing more than you have cream inside no but but Tania goes dancing goes throwing phrases like that at random we are talking about
one thing and jumps with Dana the mongolian is so You are the shortest that I have come across here there was Oh let's see Tania you here in this tweet Why are you saying that it was never denied that Loli had cancer if here in your statement if they deny it in this or in
this eh
my in this or in this hashtag also in
both My God My God the dumbest thing in the
world uncle well anyway that
Tania let's see the other things man I have to
go and we get involved with
this that Tania basically well Loli has
insinuated that Tania has  someone
arrested okay if he has a [ __ ] Let him
shoot and and tell him something okay And that's
good because Tania even though she
seems like that's very loud, a corralera
and all those things m the truth is that she has been
afraid to answer Loli in
fact Well from what Loli says hashtag
also Tania would have
sold her dignity and her defense to her, I
mean Tania has sold out don't defend her
family Because Loli
pays her Loli says so eh
what do you think Carmen about this subject
please tell me
something she shits herself but what do you
think why do you think she doesn't
defend her family in the face of these
insinuations
Why do you think that because of the money
Loli puts in her visa or because of or because of fear that she will
tell this for real because Loli
tells it
eh Why do you think that it is
we are live xa Hey I'm going to put
one I'm going to try the objectives of the
Super chat
but you are a bad person and short
pad too
[Music] I was
going to put a member objective but I do
n't know why well whatever come on Let's
see what
Joana said about the complaint she's going to
file against
Loli that I'm answering you, she's a
complete journalist of the trail Put
on record she said I'm answering eh
she's completely drunk but I mean
really drunk that you don't understand How
YouTube allows this She said
such strong animal things she mentioned my
parents about me she said some real
barbarities There are some clips on Twitter
and well the truth is that I was
shocked also it coincided that I
had to go to work this morning I had to
go to en
blau but not to Hola Droid a kiss Good
afternoon With your
permission to do the podcast that we do and
of course I well what I did was go on
flight 714 to thank because
people behaved very well because of course
these types of people what they do what
this is useless is they end the
live and put it in hidden but there were
people who took clips I have passed
everything to my lawyer Ricardo Ibáñez
castresana So this morning we
talked for a moment and he said to me Look
Joana years ago and I have seen many
of these things I had not seen
such an atrocity well they are going to  to
ask for tremendous measures well it is
tremendous but it is not only that it is
tremendous but for example people like
Tania justify it by saying that it is
good that Loli was
answering that Loli was
answering Tania thinks it is fine What
Loli does is worth the threats and
all this that you have seen
seems fine to Tania we have seen this afternoon
that in fact she even defends her
saying that it is a lie that they are not
threats that they are surprises that Loli has
said that if she is found in person there
will be a quick trial but ah it is not
known for what that that does not have to be
a threat precautionary measures will be contacted
eh YouTube with the platform and
the lawsuit continues in eh the criminal complaint
result and let's hope that at least the
precautionary measures and the issue that eh
Well then that YouTube takes note and starts
closing this channel because this
cannot be it is something that eh Well
then that YouTube takes note and starts
closing this channel because this cannot
be it is an unusual thing I mean it is that you
know that there are things that you cannot
do the  The size of the insults was
so much so that I finally saw it and I
went in and I said stop it why are you taking the risk
and she said Well it's that
I'm going if you're so brave if you
have ovaries I'll give you the link so you can
go up to the live and I said No look, I
don't do live with drunks because I
was completely drunk or rather or
rather I wanted the big debate Hey, I'm going to
set a goal here eh 30 minutes
come on, I already know what I'm going to set for the
goal I want to try this tool,
don't you see it with me, don't you see it with me
wait I want to try this tool that
YouTube released, look it says
Super chat goal okay Make Super chats
more fun with a
goal Okay then I'm going to put 10
super chats and when I say I'll make an
important announcement that you're going to love
eh Let's
see okay Well there is the
tool Okay when we do 10 super
chats when we do 10 super chats I'll
give you an announcement okay or rather I don't know how it
works I want to try that tool
This is something that you can see and
well this morning you will  like
the ad eh you're going to like the ad
past two statements where we warned
the YouTube media not to put
any of the videos that she made yesterday on
YouTube not to put them up because if not we'll
go against them too because I mean it's
an outrage from start to finish
Well here what
Johana is saying I honestly don't
see much
sense in what
Johann is saying here who is saying
that he will also sue all those who
react to Loli's content doesn't
see much sense in it Loli is responsible
the others well they depend on what they say
rationing no a kiss Pili gua one
thing I was on flight 714 you know
that sometimes I go with Jordi with Victoria
who are friends and uh we were talking about these
channels that they call residual no and
we said Well but how is it that the
family friends do nothing to
stop these people Because if I
have a channel and I start saying these
outrages well
eh eh a kiss droy handsome the
first one goes because it doesn't count the droy hasn't
counted eh  Pili's Yes but Droy's
no surely well surely Not
sure my daughter and my husband Well take
measures no
Well I said Well then I don't know will they be
interested that hey hey I'm curious
radiant face with eyes let's see the announcement I'm
going to give you a clue okay you've already
had three super chat the announcement is about
but not to me something that happened last night Good
night Tania pad too Hash
too
please it's about something that happened
last night kiss Elena beautiful doing this and
then your relatives will go to
bars with lights or lucit How could I
but I mean we were referring to these
channels not a specific channel So
yesterday she said it was her
anniversary came out in a storm I repeat
completely drunk and Well then she
let out the barbarity that she let out So you ca
n't use these what she
put in the live she has it in private
but we already have things and with that she's already
working Hey but there are some that don't
count
Why ah it's a minimum of 5 go on
I want 50 bucks eh listen to me I didn't know
forgive me well it doesn't matter you  I'm giving the
announcement anyway I'm going to give it to you
anyway it was to test the
tool But it's okay eh I'm
going to give it to you I'm going to tell you
anyway I'm going to announce it you're going to
like it Cardo let's hope the
injunctions arrive soon eh We have to
talk to YouTube too because of course it's
not understood how this person can
have a channel because on YouTube
we can't even eh Not even smoke I mean I mean go
out drunk lost no
then then there was yesterday in her live there
were people who told her go Loli let's
go tomorrow no and she continued in fact to be
harmed it's against
YouTube rules they didn't tell me the other
day I don't remember what subject but from
what I've seen it's against the rules it continued
until 6 in the morning because all her
eagerness was eh how the flight was well eh
she was later than the flight in the end
she could no longer be
there but not to me where do they have to thank you
thank you gorgeous and and Well and
today I know that they are doing
live shows where the subject
of people close to her is being talked about one already  we have
Because it's also one where they say that I
provoked
her man Who said that for
God's sake have they really started saying with
all their balls that what happened to Loli is
because Joana provoked her that they have started
saying that with all their balls it's that
if you're telling me that they have the
balls to say that, I mean,
Loli, Tania Well but apart from
Tania, someone else more or less with
neural functions has said that but Of
course if they're telling me Raquel a
kiss handsome But that doesn't count
big my Javi a kiss man if you
're telling me that my thing
with Joan Plana wasn't justified because Well it does
n't matter that he provoked me no, what happened to Joan Plana
wasn't a provocation no that no no no okay okay but
what happened to Loli is not worth it okay okay okay it's not that I do
n't get it I don't get it it
's that I'm trying to get
the point of these people but I can't
adapt we
have it we're going to look at whether we have to
act yes he will act around here he tells me eh you tell me there are
more live ones Okay then
the  we will take them and we will also study them
because a person Now someone here tells me
that someone uh says that in a
live broadcast today that has fallen short
in the barbarities What does he
say is there someone who says that there is
someone who has said
that okay then this person does not have to
have an open channel either
we will act against them against the one who
says the journalist has done this has
provoked Loli Well we will also
look at everything from top to bottom or I mean and
this This is what is most direct
on this subject and they defend her Well
look how many sick people we have you
cannot defend that not even if she is your
close friend or if she is your mother because
the problem is that uh Mrs. Dolores
Huertas Vilche with people like this who were
her friends has ended up breaking up or
breaking pears or in other words they have ended up very
badly they are all going to end up badly uh I mean
everyone among all
fighting What's going on Tania they denied you the
visa no but m that no no no no don't
say that because that no we don't know in the
end if that is what Loli insinuated I mean I think
I think Loli was
insinuating  something like that but well like
Tania acoon no And she made up her mind well we do
n't know we don't know if it was something like that or
not coming from Ololi bet everything
also knows you don't know So of course we don't
know what it is let's see if one day she
gets the balls and isn't afraid of Loli
or or doesn't want her to take away her visas and
defend her family specifically there's a
woman who is scared of Loli
because she told her private things and she's
scared that she'll say them instead of
well putting her in her place she
follows the roll then another one who
mentioned here Today they told me that he
has sent him 150 memberships I mean you
Imagine if this person is not going to agree with him
because in the end Speaking clearly they
are all the same [ __ ] she who says
the insults and the others who sell themselves
for money Per well we will review it
eh And we will take measures obviously it is
all because of the legal issue eh No bell you don't
say I don't think it will be closed on
YouTube because they would have already done it no no
because at the moment as far as we know people
have put  lawsuits for example Fabio
Oliveira and Alne have it in 2025 I
think they are going to see each other face to face but
well we are going to do this
hotels inform YouTube Because
YouTube has to know eh eh Who eh well
what people are doing
live streams no The case is so strong that at
one point they told me that he
threatened me he even told me that he put my
number on screen well several times The
threat eh Not only one in the two
live streams they threaten her several times eh I mean it is
eh it is a
100% criminal conviction it is 100% criminal conviction she has fallen
with the whole team and she doesn't know what she has
done and from here tell her friends
that they sell themselves for memberships eh And that they
are supporting a violent person
who is not right in the head and if he
is not right in the head the rest of us when
we are not well We go to the doctor
she should do the same Well we are
going to review everything and if someone is
saying incorrect things or that eh
affect
me raid from FJ a kiss FJ very handsome I did not
know you were on live handsome Thank you
very much  uncle
opportune then maybe it's time
for them to take a step back
from yes they are going to take a step back the time
for them to take a step back they will stop
defending this because they can have
enough problems maybe those
memberships So what she says that says
Tania says that it wasn't that bad and that
she didn't hear anything No if she she's not going to
hear anything María Turia because she's
scared that this lady will tell
something specific that she knows about her what she
should do is come out and
tell it but of course you can't
tell it but you also have to be
careful with who watches this among
some because they've told her man is that
if it's as strong as I think what
Tania fears about Loli
uff is that Tania has already looked bad
anyway Tania I mean what does it matter
you know if it can get worse Tania
already everything others that she has bought
with the memberships eh others eh Well the thing is that
look this one is it's very funny says
Amelia says selective hearing of tan yes
totally true yes Yes exactly eh
exactly
Eh well eh we continue forward I
have the support  of many people today has already
started work it's going to
take a day two a week but
we will get it and well it's going to ask to
understand So if these channels as
my friends from the residual flight say
that I find very funny Well
really what they do is continue and
explain things that she said
just say It's not that she's lying he didn't
threaten her this is already reportable because she is already
doing it and we have warned them she is
referring to a part of the
outrageous video Okay so there were two
outrageous live shows eh one has
already been reported by me on YouTube I
reported it I announced it that you go that you
fill out the the form I already
announced it I already put what happened that
has a number they are going to tell me what
happens and the other has a note
so this is what there is I will be
giving some updates Well you know
how I am to say Well hey well
this has happened we have achieved such a thing
when there is a fait accompli no
Meanwhile we continue doing these
live shows today with Adrian that I
loved It couldn't be better I think with everything
because the difference The difference  it's that
people, youtubers, who are
attacked, we do have, eh, we know how to make
content, eh, the rest don't know, that's why
they resort to insults and that's why they get
emboldened and come out like this case,
eh, completely, eh, drunk, what do you say?
Well, this, this? How doesn't YouTube have a
phone number to call? No, because they can't
do anything else, but well, the question,
eh, we have to continue what I can say,
mentioning my parents, that bothers me
a lot, and my parents are dead, they are
anonymous people who have never come out, and that's
where she's also going to get involved. HM,
she says that we talked about her mother, her
mother and I, what we didn't say anything about?
Well, today Tania got involved with my mother, do you remember, a
crime, jail time, if you continue saying
today Tania got involved with my mother, do you remember
that? She started to say, I don't know
what, your mother, I don't know what, I don't know how much, she
started to tell me, she's going to put me here in the middle,
not like they already have me here like the
family,
which by the way, they've already told me that they've
mentioned me again today that no, no, no, no, they can't, they ca
n't  that they are
my beggars yes yes they told me that today
they mentioned to me again that they can't they can't
Exactly luar things like that okay
and if you could put it in a doc better
so that it has a little order like
Look at the hoaxes the lying eh
people accusing others the other
accusing others you know that kind of
things is the video So if you
put it in a two more than here on
WhatsApp you know more than anything so that it
all more or less makes
sense let's see Ah but almost been to agree with me
not the bad thing is that they are rubbing their
hands Yes well because they rub their
hands but what I am not going to allow is for it to be
said again again
with the 240 antoñito from AR de Troya and and
with the approval of Loli Huerta
and with the other with the other and the one on the
motorcycle but because they can't say what they said about the
240 Why is he saying this now that
someone has thrown the ar de Troya at him he
threw the thing about the  240
again and why can't she say it, I mean it's
freedom of expression, it's something that is
real, I don't understand why it bothers her
so much when they tell her something that she has
done, but why can't they? Of course,
what she wants is for others to
defend her from something indefensible. I mean,
she wants it, she considers that the
allies have to defend her by lying
for her, which is, for example, what
Tania does. It depends, it depends on when it suits her,
people like Tania. Let's see, the thing is that with Loli they do it,
no, the truth is, with Loli they do it
with Loli, they even know about the
fact that cancer was invented and they
start lying to defend her,
we've already seen that she released a statement
saying one thing and another
statement saying something else. Let
Javi continue, he's getting better, come on, I'm going.
Go on, but of course what she's
demanding here is that they behave with her
like they did with Loli, but the thing is, you are not
Loli, Peppa, you are the opposite of Loli.
Loli is the one who distributes the hard bonus and
you are the one who is stealing.  ag guinardo
and and and and you try to hook all the ag
guinardo that you can
And if I don't take out in the two videos that I do
n't know if I have hidden not the ones of one I think it's that we
downloaded it to
have it there that I think it was the one who
did it in the afternoon while I was
live Loli Huerta is disgusting but
if you see the videos they don't
deserve anything the ones from the flight or Johana
because I don't love them they are
disgusting
but
eh
Loli has the approval for this for
this of getting like that and what a
shame What a shame Oh if they go let's go my
[ __ ] head is going to explode my
[ __ ] head is going to explode I
have 28 folders full of clips
of the climber inventing well following
the Loli's roll of the
invented disease to crush us worth And she
fussed and heated up Loli so that she would
tell us everything to me and my friends this
heated up it gets better Javi in  seriously ein
or rather she turned Loli on so that she would
tell us everything number one for
her Loli was like one of
those little machines you know the little machines in the
games and these little machines that
are in the bars You know the
warmer she is the more money she gives Okay
so she turned
Loli on and she justified that Loli
told us everything because
poor thing How is it that now she is
criticizing that if it is precisely what
I have been saying for two years
come on I am freaking out a lot says
ro man But this is not the
main reason for everything I mean all the
controversies with almost all the youtubers and
such did not start precisely because of
this I ask eh I ask I will only say Javi
Oliveira was right but of course
who doubts that she had it the strong thing is
that she tells me with tor Morro The one who started
all this because she started it she
Peppa collaborated Here she was here she went up she would
surely be today in El Corrillo if it were not what it is okay
Peppa was here Of course but the one who
started it was her who took saw here who
gave Money took her and that's it  she woke up
the real Loli
Huerta and then the rest of the youtubers who
joined to take these people was
for the cause face crying with laughter a
kiss Alan
handsome Ja oliveira was right but well
that was obvious and
public for her but the thing is that they have also
said many very strong things to me
what seems to you
to Luisa huerca like everyone else I
treat them equally give me a membership don't
give me a membership give me a like or don't give me a
like I treat everyone equally
when I did the ps with Loli and she
is already saying what I have always said
here that I treat everyone equally
give me a membership give me a like give me
whatever but obviously it is applauded
When someone gives you something big no
please don't tell me that
eh Don't tell me that don't tell me that don't tell
me that please no no no no no no no no
the phone was unlocked I said very
clearly that I was not friends with Loli
that it was cordiality Ah I think she already thought that she was going
to come here I because in
one of the last live shows she was here
with my guitar he says I'll call you I want to come in I say No no I'm here on my own with my guitar I'm sorry here everyone has the same prominence give or don't give donate or don't donate this by chance is not what you Peppa called in telesalseo machaque
no this by chance what you are
describing here what happened to you
with Loli will not coincide with what you
made Loli understand that in
telesalseo it was a machaque when we
did it to her no no when Loli that no Loli did not
stop donating here we got angry with
her no no no no Loli donated here
wanting to impose her place with the money
and we sent her for a walk And you
took her to FJ also tried to
buy him with the money that FJ was one of
the few who stayed eh No no no no no
Here no here you are not in charge You in the
content and that you to heat her up so that she would
give it to you
Shameless you made it seem
to Loli like she was a  crush for which
everything that gave us was justified
for which today she is
denounced they always copy your speech
all no no no it's not that they copy my
speech it's that it's what
happened what happened here that then all the
riffraff to justify that they got along
with Loli they started to say No no it's that
Loli is La Machaca because she has stopped making
money on the telesalseo Channel
all the riffraff started to repeat
that as if it were a truth that Loli was
machaque Where is the machaque I've been
waiting for 2 years for them to send me a
clip of the machaque the most I did was
a year and a half after
the Freaky tubers were [ __ ] me and I already
started to make content on this topic
because come on it's that it's to laugh But
where is the machaque the machaque
invented it This one here on
screen here Loli when we
criticized Marta Riesco she started to put in
super chat to see if with The Super
chat she could buy the opinions and that here we
couldn't speak badly of  Marta Riesco
while Marta was with Antonio
David when Marta broke up with Antonio
David So you could talk bad about
Marta Riesco you shouldn't talk bad
about Marta Riesco and how And since this was
the only place where Marta
Riesco was [ __ ] and she wasn't beaten like a
piñata here they gave us all the
stick because this was the only place
where I didn't allow Marta to be
bullied
eh And now you suffer in
your own flesh LoL and Huerta And there will still
be more fights eh because this one is going to
fight with the other the other with the other
because these people Joe a kiss handsome
these people can't stand each other and wouldn't stand each other
okay they're joining each
other
because of well the LOL money issue
and all that no but also because the
views have dropped And there are many who are
ruined in the live shows and the views
and stuff Okay
and and three by jav oliveira I mean these are
people that we're going to see when you join
okay with the people that you would never
get along with ever in your life  you would get close
to those people nor would you ever collaborate with
those people and the only reason why
you are joining with each other
is because of the hatred of a person
in this case Javi Oliveira You are going to end
badly, I mean
Tania, moderator of Antonio
David but she gets along, she starts to hang out
with the laser len with Miare's mother
with Joan Plana of course There will be a
moment in which Joan Planas is going to say
something about Antonia David Flores and Antonia
David is going to fight with Tania or there will
be something in which I mean they are going to
destroy each other okay these
collaborations that you are doing now
for me because it always revolves around me that is how it is it
sounds arrogant it sounds like an
[ __ ] but it is the truth okay it is
the truth it is that I can not
lie to you okay all these collaborations
are going to end badly because now they are
all trying to find their place that someone
else promotes them try I do not know what and they are
going to
kill each other and they are going to
kill each other they are looking for enemies of Javi
Oliveira or someone who has had a
Crusade with Javi Oliveira and and I leave a
mark in the hearts of  everything that
everyone lends themselves to this and it's very
pathetic because I see it from the outside and it
seems regrettable to me
I see it from the outside and it
seems very regrettable to me if I
suddenly started a fight, of course I don't
have any examples to give you
here I don't have any examples to
give you But if I stop talking
to any of my
friends, that's why I'm not going to go to those who
are enemies with her Let's see what
it's happened many times, it's like
if when I was young I fought with
Dallas and I started hanging out with
Gibel with the other one who called me a
dog with the laseren with him no no no no
no I was with those who were
insulting me while I got along
with Dallas I'm not going to talk to you at the
moment that I fought with Dallas
no no no no no no no I wouldn't get close to
you guys, let's see you understand But these
people Yes these people do it they do
that they start talking to each other people
who would criticize each other I mean let's see
so you
understand me let's see
Ah yes  right now
imagine
you see that for
example Tania starts hanging out with the guy
from Troy with Loli no and with others
no and they start hanging out with the pppa if
Pepa with the porá in telesalseo and she
gets along with me they wouldn't
get along with Peppa they would mess
with
Peppa you
understand me or rather there are unions that
between them they don't like each other The only thing that
unites them is the adversity with
Javi and that then makes Cris crispe go one day
Of course but let's pay attention to what you're
saying eh eh that Loli wants
prominence on her channel and that
she's not in charge of her channel of course what happened
here in telesalseo
yes those of the truck I'm going to
show that she's not going to show the papers
Of course she's going to show the
papers if you've lied to your people Peppa you
don't have any papers to show
because you've lied to her because the
240 thing is just as it is like that but the thing is that
she's fed up it's that she is What a
shame yes they've
said many things to her  Loli they have
done many things to Loli as much
as to
me alone I went and I didn't include my family
she did include her family in one of her
live shows Sorry Loli Sorry Oh Peppa
you don't see your family in the
live shows but you're making fun
of us no who am I missing to see of
your family yes we've even seen the
boy who carries your letters and
packages we've seen your brother your
son your other son your sister in law
your two sons' girlfriends your mother we've
seen everyone Who haven't we
seen and you Peppa climb you've messed
with my wife because of the obsession you
have with me you've even messed with
Lorena that I win morilla I don't
want her blessedly that those from the flight I don't
want them blessedly they
are idiots and
idiots Why has
Loli hidden that yesterday she told her put it put it no no
take it off take it off because there you can see
what condition Loli was in and the
things that Loli said
Ah
ah and then everything that  we have
us involved in the lawsuits that we
have filed against Loli, it was not visible there
because you have defended all those things
Peppa. Here I have a folder
full of you for when I finish that
judicial procedure, to put it. Here I
have a folder full of you defending
all the insults that LoL
made us and with Loli in your live
call talking about that
lawsuit to the hairdresser, the way she
also said to us, the things she
said to us because when I uploaded
the video to Tania that I told her, Lor, it's that I did
n't even want to
listen to it when they say that I was
waiting for you, that I told
her that I was waiting for you to
falsify or to modify or whatever they
want to call it because she says
falsify. I didn't say it. And I said, I didn't
want to see it or comment on it, comment on it, I'm not
going to comment on it, I'm not going to be like you
because I don't want to look like you, of course.
Here you are admitting that you know
perfectly well that Loli accused your son of,
well, your son, no, let's see, in reality, I
wasn't accusing your son of
forgery, or rather, what I was
accusing you of was that you would make your
son  Commit such a serious crime to
defend yourself from a controversy of gossip from a
youtuber okay, so Loli didn't accuse
your son of doing that because he didn't arrive okay
but what Loli said was that you were
going to ask your son to falsify the
date on the paper to deceive us which
would have been for nothing because
I'm telling you that we know perfectly well that
for 7 months you kept that money
According to your son you forgot and then you
don't have the paper you have had it since the
morning because you showed up on
Monday and they accused you they took it from you I think it
was a Saturday I don't remember if a
good or a Saturday you cried on Sunday
with anxiety because they caught you with the
ice cream cart okay you had
n't given the money and on Monday
first thing in the morning you went to the association
okay early in the morning you
went to the association you tried to make it
anonymous The donation and they told you
no that donations are not
allowed to be anonymous do you understand
why people have to know that you
gave the money Okay
and and you wanted it not  they set the date I don't
know what move okay And it didn't work out for you it didn't
work out for you And you the money the 240 that you gave
240 and maybe in the live show
more was raised than that it's something else that
we haven't discussed yet because we haven't
gotten into it but of course you
were desperate because they caught you they caught you they
jumped but come on Peppa you
are like that and if it's not the
240 it will be something else Okay and if it's not the
240 it will be
something else neither to you nor to you nor to
you like that and you spoke to me now no but
until recently you have been
talking to Loli after she said
that about your son that you know she said
okay therefore you like Tania
would sell the defense to your family for
Loli's bisons and there's no more and there's no more I mean they
say something like that to me about my son and I'm
going to talk to you again ah
why Why do you give a visa man talk about him I do
n't know why he keeps talking about
me he'll have to  detox someday
from Peppa No what a cheek bichi gorgeous a
kiss
sweetheart the mom of telesalseo a kiss
gorgeous Well here eh she practically
starts to insinuate that I can't stop talking
about her and that well then she's going to have no choice
but to go back to talking about Javi
go Peppa Peppa you haven't stopped talking
about me not one [ __ ] day not one [ __ ]
day because you don't know Why have you
tried one day You only tried
and you had 100
viewers and your reality is fine if
you did it you're not going to do it tomorrow
You're going to talk about me you're going to see this and you're going
to the day that you get it done
you have a problem and you're not going to
get it well as the weeks go by
okay as the weeks go by you
're going to see your reality your
reality is 30 40 viewers or in other words
when Javi Oliveira leaves and
when Javi Oliveira is no longer there your
reality is 80 viewers 100 40 120
when there's some movement okay 300
sometime that you  you get into topics that are
indirectly related to Javi
Okay, but you're not going to do it, you're not going to
do it, you have no shame, it happens, let's
go, no, no one does it. I imagine, I
imagine that one day the one from Seville will have to
detox. We won't
see, I choose, I choose, you
've already spoken, mom, you've already met, you've already spoken, the live one, already, you've already
spoken, already, you've already spoken. And yesterday too, of course, no. And
yesterday too and the day before yesterday too,
everyone too, there hasn't been one. It's that the
boss Angel, let us keep quiet about what
Loli says, let
us keep quiet about what Antonio says, let
us keep quiet about what
the one from Seville says, let us keep quiet about what the other one says. Meanwhile, here whitewashing
someone who is giving us a hard
time, what he's given us, and we
keep quiet, eh, because they've been tremendous, and
since Loli's forgiveness is already going somewhere
else.
Well, now if I have to speak and say, I'll say,
let's say that he's not going to let Javi do it, let it be
clear to you that he's not going to
let Javi do it, that he's already tried and that he can't, he ca
n't. Yes  but I don't think he'll
do it not even for the spectators
eh I think it's pure harassment and that's it it
's harassment he doesn't care that people she
already knows and has assumed that people
know that it's harassment and she doesn't care she has it
as normalized well he plays his role
Here is Salomé beautiful a kiss
queen I imagine that you must be watching us
a kiss beautiful Thank you very much
sweetheart you don't
forgive don Antonio Troya almost daily
no daily and two or three times a day
until 3 and 4 in the morning I would
fall asleep here on the couch and you
kept talking to Loli Because
in the morning I had my
obligations So no almost daily no
daily and three and four times a day and
in the morning noon and at
night no that almost daily no no it's not going to
be
like that I don't imagine that eh holding on to the fact
that one day for whatever reason not
talking there it comes it was Every day that it
came to me that it came to me maybe you didn't
talk and I don't know maybe it's
every day You know what it was
Every day that he came to me  tell
me Peppa doesn't see you until so late you
fall asleep but I have to
stay with the other one until 4:00
in the morning I said Well I'm sorry
I used to go to bed here I put on The headphones
sometimes they were before I did a live eh
Because Tania doesn't know You don't know if you'll remember
so Tania's time here we talked to me I
answered okay we did But you know one
thing angel they are such cowards
that they have deleted many live streams
surely because they will be ashamed I have
not deleted any they are all there I have
only hidden the one of the dinner with Paco
and with second because I want to cut
that part but I have not hidden it in
any live stream nor have I put it for
members the live streams are all there
because I do go face to face I am
brave that Also he ended up donating that
afterwards and I think that there is no topic I think that
Also he ended up donating that afterwards
but I think that that Also he
ended up donating that afterwards and I think
that there is no topic it is supposed to have
ended up donating afterwards it is not said afterwards
and I  I think there is no topic anymore it is supposed to
end after it is not said
but oh well what the [ __ ] elar de Troya puts
in doubt
Ah okay I had not understood pily I
had not understood it clearly what the [ __ ]
is she saying here that if she deletes or not she
deletes directly What does it matter I mean I
also delete directly not when I feel like it
no you can leave on your channel what
you want and what you do not like anymore or the one
that for some reason you do not want to
remove it, she removes it but what Of course it is a
sasca for Loli okay that I mean the ar de
Troya does not even believe that he has given
the 240 in the morning
I understand that what cannot be done
is not you say but I
can believe it or not you do not believe it I
can believe it or not
[ __ ] [ __ ] it could be he knows more than
us
no what little thing this eh Well you know more
than us
not the one who came up with this in front of
this
and you and and the lady from the isl were the
ones who brought up this topic are you
delighted that the 240 are still
around there  and now with what you
just said
people start to say their own friends believed
that he had donated it or that they have donated it
this is again back to give it to him man of
course let's see those who have been
with you 100%
do not believe that you have donated it that is
for a
reason Well that would be strong
eh if the Troya ard has this it is very
strong this eh n but of course if
Antonio Troya or the others give it to you nothing happens
but I have to keep quiet to
tell bait Well for me the
bait look at what they say and look at the
face he makes of being
angry Look I think there is no
subject anymore yes It is supposed to end later it is
not said
Ah okay says racel Javi they are fighting
for the followers of that channel of the
Channel where they are collaborating now no
eh But well this channel It is from the heart
no this channel does not talk about youtubers No not about
these things not that have to do
with what Javi does
no I mean they are going to kill each other or rather of
course okay or rather the shots go  there
because of course they are going to kill each other Now to
see if they get on that channel as if they
were going to scrap a lot from
there okay okay I mean they want to make
themselves look bad now maybe
not but well I understand what is not
possible I
cannot believe it or noer we are not going to
see
Antonio I can believe or not so many
things about you
And yes yes no Let's see if he gave them he gave them that
morning because the association did not confirm it to us
or in other words what the one
from Troy is doing here is very filthy because if he
gave them okay he gave them because people
made a fuss Well whatever you want
okay but that he gave them he gave them that
morning this already the ar from Troy is
making it up because besides Tania
also knows that if he gave them in the
morning because Tania also uh called
Hash also Hash also besides of course
this is being done by the Toria to
throw
[ __ ] and I can tell you so many things about
you I can say that there are friends of yours that
you think are friends but that they
are with you because you are afraid that I will
sell them out the same way you sold me out
really yes let's see really On that we
agree no I mean the  Peppa what she did
with the 40's is tremendously
disgusting and I would not go near a
person who did This is okay but
eh a kiss Sheila beautiful but we have to
recognize that here the traitor and the
slob was ard de troys
no I mean we have to recognize that here
the traitor because he is a traitor because
you fight with your friend no and you do not
tell and you do not talk about everything that you have
spoken with that person during the
friendship no I mean he sold him Yes yes
totally he sold him and Loli eh
Because he and Loli set that up there
making you pam pam pam the ball and they
told me Peppa we can't
turn against each other because she knows a lot of things
And it could be that she throws them out the
same way she threw you out and I'm going to throw myself at it I have to answer I can't be quiet I can't always be the submissive because she has never been submissive I'm going to do it when I decided to forgive Loli I forgave her in all the breadth of
the word because she knew that she had
done us a lot of harm a lot  damage because it
was her and Antonio who somehow I do
n't know if orchestrated or such said and
released there those of the 240 like that one
and then they continued and continued but to
this when when I forgave him it was for
a cause I don't know if to remember the people I
come from a a a a concert of your
brother of Tarifa at night and I saw her
that was live and I saw her very bad I
saw her crying I saw that she was very very bad
and I entered that live and I said eh
Loli calm down come leave this and tomorrow you will
explain it in another way and such and
such I don't know if you will remember that because of
this message they have given me from all
sides I was the first one who
told you that I didn't like it yes and I said I don't care
I saw her suffer and I wanted to be
there and her when I Peppa you what
interests you about Loli is the same that
interests others
chinon a lady who has exposed what about
the 240 that now right now your
digital footprint and for what you will
always be known until the day you are no longer on the
internet pppa it will be like  the lady who
did the 240 thing okay And that was because she
sold you this one and the other one that you
did okay but we know it thanks to
ard de Troya and Loli okay that was your
cause okay you had a cause Okay well
that was your cause
racel Oh russel
look what you think ras
Look at you Peppa no matter how bad you see
Loli no matter how bad you see Loli in
that live you don't go in to help her I mean
if someone who has
hurt me and especially something so
big I
see it wrong I'm going to go help them
[ __ ] [ __ ] what's wrong with you with
Loli is what's wrong with you if you don't have it if you do
n't have it then you don't have her
vun
okay handsome well I'm live if you
want I'll
call you I say Oh she's here pepa pepa
Hi that filled me with deir
against What a shame [ __ ]
e But then we're not even
unblocked or anything and I went in because
my heart broke seeing her like that and I
was alone neither Tania nor Antonio Neither she nor
the  another one wasn't
alone I lost subscribers I lost
friends that I had she says we don't understand with
all the harm that she's done to you that you
forgive her I say if you forgive her they forgive her
all channels also started taking
advantage of that to look for the
money and I told her Loli I don't want it I don't
want them to give me anything In fact when
she gave me members here I would go to her
live and I gave her CBR day and ot five
another or as I could because I don't have the
purchasing power that she has apparently she has a
pretty good purchasing power that I'm happy
Eh well I'm happy I don't care
Hey What to hear in the lion
uncle jaan charged with three people ar for
the death of liam pain what are you
telling me Raquel For what
reasons Let's see not directly because of the death maybe it
's the issue of
drugs not selling drugs and that no
but for Antonio to say this a place like
Juan's that then Lori entered al
alzan to say an amount I know the
truth a false amount that that I already know that
no  that's already a problem that's
no longer but what I'm
getting at is what I'm saying is that Antonio says he doesn't
know if I'm from But also with the face he
says it you can see that spite that
rage That that bad thing that he carries
inside because he carries it inside here
Antonio is a liar eh [ __ ] from the
era eh Antonio here eh a pig the
loser eh things as they are he's
lying eh Because I've noticed it
many times then both telling
Antonio and Loli that when I
forgive I truly forgive But when I
stop forgiving eh Look I didn't go in
when Loli the other day came in to
say terrible things two terrible things
that I put
ear word deaf you can't imagine the
things that that woman said to my son and
me through her mouth she's surpassed herself now with
the duels
handful either good But and Ah she's
surpassed herself now with the flight okay okay okay
with us she didn't overcome herself or not
Peppa when she was with you with us she did
n't overcome herself or not What  You have no shame,
eh, with us, with, with
us, she told us more than what she
told him. Now,
take the lawsuit that we filed with Joana, she
must have shown it to you.
No, no, she's outdone herself now, she
says she's outdone herself now, but yes, yes, she
still hasn't told Johana
half of the things that she told
us, it's that she's got her
desperate. They've got me desperate too. They've got
me
desperate too, these words that
Arroya said about Juanju, those are going to have
repercussions again and quite strong,
and who, who is it that's hurting me, but
of course Pepa is so funny. And it's strong
and it's such, well, it's not over, gentlemen, every
time someone says something about me, every time I
go to answer, I'm going to call who, we
already know, but no longer to say the
lady from the south, that's why she
mentions me. says
Alanne. Hey Anne, but why did you arrive
late? You weren't there from the beginning. I've
missed you because the
beginning was magical and I remembered
you. I was going to talk to you, I was going to talk to you
but I don't remember.  what was it
specifically that I thought of you but I was
n't going to talk to you is that I don't remember
what it was it was something that
had to do with you but now I don't
remember says alanne in quotes no
apparently she has purchasing power
you know as if she didn't know the
money that Loli has you know as if she
wasn't going to look for her when she saw her here
on telesalseo and searched her name on
instagram to find her keep Javi there's
still more and more but racel can't
surprise me anymore noito that on
a channel like this strong juanju has 600
and some thousand subscribers Uf say m
I don't know I don't know I don't know you what you don't
know is that when you are so brave
you show the paper from when you said you
were on sick leave because your knees hurt
and you had told me two
weeks before not to say anything but what was
happening is that you had fired yourself
because you were fed up with working and you
were telling your people that you were on
sick leave Well if not tomorrow tell me it's
too late that I'm seeing around here that  it
's 11 king but whatever you
want eh if you want I'm here okay
okay it's going up dude it's going up coo he's
writing to me he's
writing to me he before I sent him
the audio he's freaking out Anne well
a lot of things have happened during the afternoon you
have missed Anne what she said about
all the channels that give
Loli their approval it's because of the
money and that they all tell Loli Well
what Loli said is not that bad it's that they have
gone too far with her it's because of the
money so if we have to talk Here we
talk about everything I've already said it once and I
'll repeat it to you I'm not going to show
you or you or anyone else any paperwork
because none of you have taken out any
paperwork it's more believe
what I'm the one who hasn't
told Johana anything that she hasn't told
us let's say she has told us
more to Johana what she has done is
threaten her than to us with violence
threaten her no she hasn't threatened us you
know but she has told us
psychological abusers that you go
and you  you put on a pomp so that the flight t
of psychological abuser stalker to
me she told me that I hacked her
bank accounts to steal money
from her or that I sent a hacker to
steal from her Din I mean she hasn't said 1
more thing only Angel YouTube neither you nor I that
we have talked about Loli's family about
Loli's illness about
Loli's relatives You're welcome and we are the ones who get
hurt when they lose their
temper and start saying awful things about
us not us for being prudent
come on we don't say anything we don't say anything
come on smile Pepa How funny it all is
come on we don't say anything she says let's see
before Trium uploads I'm going to see if if
Racel has posted
something because maybe Racel has summarized
no
Ah no no no no no but wait but
Wait that
Trio okay okay it's that she
wanted to me that she had told me if
Racel has uploaded a video Racel have you
changed the music to the intro so that
the copy doesn't jump on me not It's not that
the copy jumps on me By  that's what I have to
[Music]
José Wait I can't hear you yet I've played
here I've played
here damn
speakers
now what's up miose What's up man What are you
doing Where did you come from well look here
we were watching something nothing man
fy a complicated day I say come on I'm going to get in
touch with Javi I'll go in for 10
minutes over there and I'll tell him about the
documentary okay It's not that I thought you told me
Wait 10 minutes I
thought you told me he's here no what's up
man What's happening is that this
morning I went to the doctor I've been like
injected I've been on a high
all morning and such Yeah I told you damn it
was an alias you told me an
alias I don't know what no then I'll send you the photo
so you can freak out how my
face looked my face looked like that yeah but from
what guy well they don't know what I think it
's from a compound that some
pills have Because it happened to me two years ago
with some pills that I was taking some
pills it went away And yesterday they sent me
some  pills for a blow I hit my
leg and since I started taking it
I started with the allergy and it's not because of the
component, the compound in the
pill but possibly because of some
of the things that they have to coat them
and all this story are you okay or what Yes
yes they have given me the urbason and everything they have
put into my vein has
left me that dust but I'm quite drunk
the on leaves you Flama No yes but since I was
very nervous they also gave me a
tranquilizer a muscle relaxant
anyway they have left me with papers ready it
wasn't my best day honestly Nowhere to go
but well well son
how it went well in the end in the end they
have left Of course it fell
accidentally they tried to
turn it over but they tried to turn it over let's
see they tried to turn it over it's
not that of course Look
a very curious thing happened to me And it is that we were
watching the documentary live I
was watching the documentary live and
the first thing I find is that the
expert they have brought is Luis Garrido
who is a colleague of mine is a forensic anthropologist
I mean [ __ ] no kidding yes a friend of mine
who was  here in Carmona we did a
presentation in Carmona And such a
forensic anthropologist the guy is a the guy is a professor
at the
Luis Garrido university no [ __ ] I was
wrong [ __ ] [ __ ] what did
Luis Garrido tell me I say Well coincidence no
[ __ ] Lu grido no dude your name is the same
wait [ __ ] I don't remember [ __ ]
last name I'm lost now yes what to
say
wait let's see I have it Well now I can't
tell you the name but he collaborates
with you coo His name is also The kid
no who let's see what's his name
Ricardo Ortega [ __ ] luo Ricardo
Ortega I have too good I'm like they
put me on an IV ot
day with medication let me tell you
history Ricardo Ortega [ __ ] the
forensic anthropologist Oh okay I keep
sight of it Yes man of course Yes I've been
with the journalist from Thailand
Well Ortega I've known him since
Carmona the kid and I called him on the
phone I saw a documentary I was p
documentary I say [ __ ] Ricardo What's up
man I'm seeing you he doesn't tell me what's up
José I say what are you doing I say it's already in
the documentary he says Yes man he was fine in
the documentary and such and I say  I What
documentation have they shown you that says that it
clearly leaves that this is, he says
to me they showed me the judicial report of
where the girl fell and such and the
medical report I say And what is your hypothesis mine
that she fell say there is no parabola or
anything
strange said Marta Says clo What
happened to Marta I'm going to tell you what
happened to Marta but Marta was there
Marta Yes Marta punctured afterwards but I haven't
spoken to her Marta what happened to her Marta
said yesterday she told us yesterday is that there is a
word in the medical report that makes it
very clear that she knew or or that the doctor
knew that I jumped and what was said on the
program why did they jump saying is that
the autopsy says violent death and I
say [ __ ] me I'm thinking I say will
someone jump on the set and will tell the
truth and will tell the truth of the
autopsy no but I saw that nobody jumped it
me telling the editor with whom we are I
say can I speak I can speak
let me speak let me speak and
the presenter jumps and says we are
watching Triu who is making a gesture
wants to tell something  and I say yes yes I want to
tell one thing and he says what do I say
let's see let's see it's not that I say it I say it's that
these people I suppose have
seen more autopsies any death that
is not natural in the autopsy always
appears as a violent death Why
violent death and theology suicide and
theology accident and
theology homicide I say that for
violent death of course violent it doesn't have to
be that someone is violent against you
but You can be violent with or have
had an accident an accident of Cos
a violent death Ah
okay clo So it seems that Marta we would not be
used to I imagine seeing
these types of parts she read
violent death and for her violent death was
a homicide
mm So in the end it has been strong they have brought
out something like super hyper
nothing nothing he died in a
violent way a fall he died in a
violent way and what have they said in the end well
in the end nothing in the end speculations
they told me they told me 40 years ago that it is
like as I have told you I say let's
see let's remove the seo of confirmation with
the indications that we have right now you
give this case to any forensic or
any forensic anthropologist as I had
done and  what he's going to tell you is that the
girl fell out the window, period.
Now, in 77 he'll manipulate the
evidence. I don't know that because that's
something that escapes me. I'm not going to get into that, you
know. I have the clues that I have.
The clues that I have are these:
a fall. The girl falls right under
the flower pots, therefore there is no
displacement, as I already told you
yesterday. I said there is no forward displacement,
nor has she thrown herself. Nor have they
thrown her. She fell on her own under abnormal conditions.
The forensic anthropologist
said, one puts his hands out. And such. But it
could be that the girl, because of the pills she
was taking to lose weight or because of
a drop in blood pressure or because of dizziness,
falls and falls straight down. Do you understand me or not? In the
end, you fall straight down and you fall where
things are. Okay, then, of course, as it was
given in the documentary. Well, José, what do you
think of the documentary chapter? And I say,
man, in the documentary, what you make
clear is that she fell. We say,
yes, taken. The only expert that you take, who
is the anthropologist Florescente, is
saying that she fell from  so of
course another thing is that later I speculate but
the documentary makes it clear that he
has fallen or rather this is not TR it is an
accident it is an accident it is a
tragedy in any case it is not
trine let's see in the end it is as I have
also told them I say let's see
what sells more that I come out and say yes it
has fallen or that I start to speculate and to
create that there is something hidden a
conspiracy that the king is involved
what more you who have been here in the
s hbre for 10 years I would have I would have
put a little bit of substance in there and would have
said we know we don't know if
maybe The railing of the terrace was
a little bit
unscrewed but in the end it would have fallen
The railing ces let's see let's
see what I'm not going besides that n more
than they have punctured me Cos you think I say I
came to play the party not to see if
things are like that no to see It's that it is the
truth no I came to play a party I did
not come here to tell Saro because it is that there is
no indication besides the
father  I was in the house but some of
the other guests have thought
differently than you almost all of them have thought
differently I think the only one who said that it was
neither suicide nor that he had
thrown himself I think they won't call me
anymore
Eh
well no no reason let's see it depends on the
truth your problem will be that I
asked him what I get on I get on with Juan Luis
galiacho who called me on the phone later he
's talking and Juan Luis starts well
TR But what about the papers that you say they have to get
out that I don't say it you say that he has
sitting next to him that he made a
documentary Of course of course but where do
those papers come from I ask myself that I didn't
I haven't done it Of course I asked what
attacked of course those papers come out let's see what
I think is that surely the king
was having an affair with her and Hey there is the
possibility that she was pregnant
even by the king no I don't rule it out
because the truth is that
some bastards have come out But that doesn't
mean that he'll kill her I mean I don't
think that I think he wouldn't kill her I
think he would give Iguala but that here we
can talk that  I understand that there is
speculation
But look there isn't a single piece of evidence as
people were told, take out a single piece of evidence or an
indication first that she was involved
with the king there is
nothing second that there was anything to
indicate that she was thrown out there there is
nothing either I know something to the contrary came out You have a
lot of
things puncture No, well F you that I was
leading that this documentary was going to be
interesting in the sense that I
expected that there would be man when when they brought
out not coming to light and says do
n't have They are the only ones the first channel
that dares to mention of course I
expected that they were going to bring out something very
definitive and that it was going to deal with a strong topic there is
nothing no nothing to bring out I already
told you yesterday I already told you say Javi if not
look at my cut yesterday with you what I
tell you Javi This is going to remain the same it is not going
to be known if they threw her it is impossible I
say in any case if they manage to
find out where she fell we know if she fell
accidentally and damn what they have brought out
the only thing the only only thing that is known is that they
know that she fell straight down according to the papers
that are there And if she falls straight down they don't
push you Well nothing  do you understand or not, go
Tena Well, nothing like that Aha, then they
come out saying it's impossible for it to
fall, I was talking to Borja this afternoon
and he was telling me yesterday afternoon and he said
Borja, Jose, you don't know the
ways people fall out of the
window, he says if you only knew, he says the one about I
fell like I said in the
documentary, here in my country it is said
a lot, your body is going to die, your mother doesn't you
Asa on the terrace, your body is going to die and
you were saying But your body is going mommy, that
's very typical here in Seville,
you know it Yeah, yes, it's going away, your body is
going away, it goes and it goes looking for it Yeah, yes, it's like suddenly you lose control, balance for a moment, you do it on the floor and nothing happens, but of course you do it on a railing, you do it on the edge of something, well, Jose, son, well, I'm
going to let you rest. Have a
nice day, man, wait don't hang yourself up
because it might happen to you. I'm like
this way, Ah no, cut, you cut, okay,
okay, now that I'm taking it off  I'll take
off the screen sharing Rey rest
come on calm If you do something else or whatever
you want give me a call It's just that
I'm really tired today man with the thing of Yeah
but I don't think so no I mean no no go on
this because of course I mean I don't think it hasn't
been trending top and I think it's been
8 or nothing but I don't think so either it's not
a documentary with hot girls I'm going to I'm going
to give it a spin I'm going to see
if I make a video for the main one of
Dana which by the way I'm going to announce it
okay because she'll see me there tomorrow we do
have Esperanza Aguirre tomorrow we do
have Esperanza Aguirre for now
we have a date with her Okay and and we'll
talk about the Dana thing and
her opinions on the management let's see
if the connection works for the
woman who got angry
eh No but it's your fault it's her fault
No yeah but well I think it didn't suit her
very well no yes she saw her very serious didn't
you see the cut that when she I haven't
seen it dude I haven't seen it I didn't have
time no  I've seen I had been
a little you know I don't know she didn't like the mind
But well she says who you better me
the Jordi from Master Chef
ito by Ah Jessica beautiful from you bye bye bye
Okay guys Hey I'm going I don't know if I have
anything left to see but I'm going But Javi
hasn't gotten to where Peppa talks about
Tania but I'll see it tomorrow okay I'll see it
tomorrow because I'm seeing that
Lili has sent me
[Music]
also Lili has sent me around here too
in something to
see that I can't see because it's an
account that they have given But I'll see it tomorrow
Lili what she sends me tomorrow the day after I'll see what you
send me with what Ainara is telling me
there that she says that I have left
something where she talks about Tania and what
Ainara says in summary
Ah I have left things yes I have left
things I have left things yes I have left things I have left things
I have left some things like that
Okay I'm going to watch Racel's video and we'll go
okay I'm going to watch Racel's video and we'll
go
[Music]
[Music] let
's go
cri I've spoken I've spoken I've sent
a message to Juan I'm lying I've called him
No no he didn't pick up and he said
something's wrong I mean no no it was just to tell you
that I'm going to react to what your
live stream says ok no problem well no
problem we're going to do it I
stayed quiet we have to keep going We have to keep
answering him you've never
kept
quiet the ones who kept quiet were
us I had to go to the
beach do a live stream to clear my head
a bit
c and there you even got to the point of saying
who I left
Agustinita with where you say I said traitor
Well but there are a lot of new people
Angel there are a lot of new people who
are also chestnuts too and they should
find out the truth false hypocrite
traitor here here is where he lies
but the thing is that we haven't
explained this already I'll tell you again eh Even if I
explain it He keeps saying this and I can't
tell people to go
back to the videos the money money
money for you send me business Because
besides it's that I oo
say that he's lying Troy  you're
lying you're lying let's see if I can
find it you're
lying and you put on this face in front
of a lot of people and to me you're a really
bad person they're bad eh They're bad eh They're bad they're
bad
Ju we
told you that that had already been donated and we
told you the story pa is that the one who
has donated doesn't excite you at all let's see yes
okay you could have donated it but
for me always always always always
for me always always always
you donated it But because they caught you
with the ice cream cart you know like
why they took it from you if not you don't
remember I'm sorry to tell you that you weren't
sharp there and I have to say it with
all the freedom and sincerity that must have
hurt
or not I p believe it or we're not going to see
Antonio I can believe or not so many
things about you
and I can tell you so many things about you I
can say that there are friends of yours that you
think are friends but they are
with you because you're afraid that I'll
sell them out the same way you sold me out and they're
there playing ball with you Pam Pam they
told me  my Pepa we can't
go against each other because she knows a lot of things
and it could be that she says them the same as
Antonio saying this in a place like
Juan's that then Loli came in
saying an amount I know the truth I gave
an amount of
lies one
problem they released the c and then said of
course they have her desperate they
have me
desperate too toella
that I opened a live when Tania
was putting on some audios that they
had sent her from the flight
telling me absolutely everything and I
said this what's going on here what
happened where am I then there would be a
live broadcast nothing to do with the live broadcasts
that these people open like a girl from the
exorcist I won't show it and I said that I didn't
understand what was happening there
because I wasn't understanding it ads I
was there two days before I had been three
moderator for the topic I think it was
from this deana I don't know what
my mother what ghost was the
guy
and that it was a nonsense everything for the
face it all went in all for the face that
now they don't want the topic and they want  give me
Well I'm sorry but I can't
allow that on the Channel when
that is said and I shut my mouth come on take it come on
but what I'm not going to
allow is for it to be said
again again with the 240 antoñito from AR
de Troya and and with the approval of
Loli Huerta and with the other one with the other one and the one on
the motorcycle and if I don't take out in the two
videos that I don't know if he has hidden from her
not one of them I think it's that we
downloaded it to have it there which I think
was the one who did it in the afternoon
while I was live Loli
vuerta it's disgusting but if you
see the videos they don't deserve anything
those of the flight or Johana because I don't
want them at all they are disgusting
Peppa is very
rude Loli has the approval for
this for this of acting like she does and what a
shame What a shame Oh yes they are going after
her Oh please please I mean she
is saying that the channels that
justify Peppa  Oh, Peppa,
Loli's for the
money,
anyway, they've done a lot of things to Loli,
as many as they have to
me, only I went and I didn't involve my family,
she did involve her family in one of her live shows,
her first cousin, I don't know what, I don't
know how much,
[Music]
Orgasm, I don't want her, not a
blessing, I don't want those from the flight, they
're idiots and
idiots. Why did Loli hide what she told him? She told him, put it on, put it on,
no, no, take it off,
take it off because there you can see the
condition Loli was in and the things Loli said, the condition
Loli was in and the things Loli said,
look at her, juanju, you know what happens,
if I keep quiet I'll still be submissive, and you'll
understand that I'm not going to keep quiet
about the lie that this guy told you,
but Juan isn't to blame for the
240, it was Antonio's fault for the 240, Loli was to blame for it, and
then Tania with the "no, you say Loli,
that video is really good, I'm not going to
tell the pearls"  of Peppa because that's
another person but wow, Peppa, wow,
putting [ __ ] on it. Well, juanju
kisses, I'm telling you the truth, for me it
wasn't accurate because the
240 eh juanju with the subject of the 240
of taking out but what he said I didn't see it either,
what did he say if all the time no he no he no he no yes
mom but I mean
people are also understanding it the same as
me as if you were saying that
Juan no no I didn't give that I mean because I
'm reading comments and some
are saying I think he wasn't
right with the 240 here he is right
with the 240 that or he's explaining it very
badly let's see Ju eh what wasn't
right about a lot of people is being said
let Antonio talk about the 240
this is
great What a character
man this is great that I can laugh with
the videos that racel mat makes they're going to
kill each other eh among all of them also eh they're going to
kill each other family I'm leaving eh I
love you all tomorrow I'm going to the I'm going to
leave okay And also  I'm going to go to bed
because I want to get up early tomorrow
to record a video and not just to
record a video tomorrow you will have the
live show with knock on wood knock on
wood tomorrow you will have the live show with
Esperanza Aguirre okay during the day
I will let you know and confirm the time
please support it
eh Please
support it okay please support it the
live show tomorrow with Esperanza Aguirre I
am very I am very interested in
knowing what she is going to tell us
okay This is going to end up like the rosary of
the Aurora
we totally look gorgeous I wanted I wanted to have
also seen the Rocío
Flores show on Antonio David's Channel But
in the end I didn't have time okay
guys the bomb says fina fina the
announcement It was that one but let's go
anyway Hey listen to me listen to me listen to me we have
n't arrived eh no We have arrived eh
no We have arrived eh the
announcement It was that tomorrow it was that
tomorrow we have the live show that yesterday
couldn't be tomorrow we have the live show
but we have it on the main channel eh I'm
going to do it surely for the a no I don't know if it
's weak I think I'm going to
do it for  the main one
eh I think I'm going to do it for the
main one Eh So I'm letting you know now go to
Javi Oliveira and subscribe because it's my
main channel Javi Oliveira a kiss
family of handsome guys I love you all so much
rest okay bye bye bye
than
[Music]